There are a couple of things that we need to do before
we end the section. First in the front page instead
of showing Laravel welcome page we will display all questions.
Second in the show question page
we will sort all answers by votes count.
So the answer with high votes will be displayed first
then we will also hide these answers
container when no answer is available
because you see it's weird right? And the last we are
going to show an alert when no questions available.
All right let's go ahead and open up our terminal.
And here we can isolate our work today in your branch.
OK
we start from the easiest part
Let's open routes web.php here
let's change the root route to
questions controller index action.
now if we navigate to the front page
We see all questions displayed.
Next
let's go to the show question page
and here if we open the query log
We see in this query there is no sorting command.
So let's sort the answers by votes count. The high
votes answer will be display first.
There could be many different ways to sort the
relation model but here I'll show you just two ways.
Let's see the first one here we can see
that this query is came from here.
route service provider line twenty eight. So let's open the file.
Here we have a query to get the question
by slug. And it has
answers user relationship eager loaded. And the technique
that you are going to use here is simply add the
answer relationship model
inside this `with` method and then specify the sorting.
So
let me duplicate this line.
And I'll comment another one.
Let's wrap the relationship in array
then add answers as array key
and then a closure as array value
and it should has an argument
let's say query.
now inside here we simply call query and then call order
by my method the first argument is the column name
that will be used to sort the query.
In this case votes count
in a second argument is the order type. Since
we're going to display the higher vote answer first
that's why we specify DESC
descending from the higher to the lower and that's it.
Now if I reload the page
Ups I get error I missed semicolon reload gain.
Now you see order by votes count descending added here.
And you see in the answer list the high votes answer display first.
So that's the first way
Now let's see the second one.
Let's go back to route service provider
and here our I'll comment this query
and uncomment another one.
So we revert to the previous query and we'll
place the order by method in another place.
Actually let's copy this order by method call
save the change
and you see the order by command disapear.
Now let's open question model
And then find answers
relationship method
here after has many method calling
we can simply paste the order by method.
So every time we call question answers
in all places the records will be sorted by
votes count descendingly
now if we reload the page
will get the same thing.
So if you want to do different sorting types to the relationship
model for example in one query you want to show
the relationship model by id ascendingly and in another
query you want to sort it by votes count descendingly
then you can  follow the first way.
But if you want to perform the same sorting method
to the relationship model in all places then you
can do that directly in the model
such as we did in the second way.
Here I'll keep using the second way because I think it's much simpler than the first one and I'm sure
all answers to the related to the question always
be sorted by votes count descendingly. Next
Let's hide the answers container when
no answers found in the show question page.
So let's switch over to our editor
and then open answers _index.blade.php
here
We can simply check
if the answers count
is greater than zero
and then move the rest of the code inside.
Now if we reload the page
the answers container disappear.
All right
the last thing that we're going to do is showing
an alert when no question is available.
Let me switch over to my terminal
and here I'll call php artisan migrate:fresh
Remember this command will drop all tables
in database and then recreate them again.
So we will have empty tables.
Now if you see here there's nothing to show.
And it's look weird that's why we need to say something here
to our visitors so that they know what happened.
So let's open questions index.blade.php
And here we can change the `foreach` loop
to `forelse`
below here let's add empty directive.
So when we don't have any questions we will do something
here we simply add bootstrap alert alert warning
In this case.
and inside this will say "sorry
there are no questions available"
let's have a look.
OK
Now we have alert show up and I think it's much better.
OK I'll seed my database again.
Ups I get error.
let me open database seed.
apparently I forgot to add a semicolon here
I'll reload the page.
Now the alert disappears and all questions displayed.
So that's pretty much it
that's all I want to talk about here.
Let's commit  all changes and join me in the next section.